Brief Introduction
-----------------------
The BSN design and concept as taken from the Internet, is a connected set of devices across data centers using the TCP/IP protocol. BSN is formed by the connection of the public city nodes using a set of blockchain operating environment protocols. Just like the Internet, BSN is also a cross-cloud, cross-portal, cross-framework, global infrastructure network.

With BSN, there are three types of participants: cloud service providers, blockchain framework providers, and portal operators.

Cloud service providers, through the installation of free BSN public city node software, can make their cloud service resources (computing power, storage, and bandwidth) accessible and sell through BSN to end-users.

Blockchain framework providers align with the BSN’s framework adaptation standards and deploy them on BSN so developers can use it to develop and deploy applications. The Permissionless service only applies to the BSN international portal and international public city nodes.

Portal operators can easily and quickly build a Blockchain as a Service (BaaS) platform on their existing websites using BSN APIs. This allows them to provide BSN capabilities to their end users without users leaving their websites.

BSN is an open network that any cloud service provider, framework provider, or portal operator, that complies with BSN requirements and standards is free to use and stop using the service network at any time.

Similar to the Internet, most users of BSN are developers and technology companies. They can use any BSN portal to purchase cloud resources that charge based on transactions per second (TPS), storage quantity, and bandwidth from any public city node around the world. They select any pre-adapted framework to conveniently develop, deploy, and manage permissioned blockchain applications at a very low cost. Blockchain developers only need to deploy the application to one or more public city nodes on BSN so participants can connect to the application at no cost through any public city node gateway. All deployed applications share server resources in every public city node. For high-frequency applications, public city nodes can intelligently allocate a dedicated peer node with high processing capacity. For low-frequency applications, they share the same peer node. This resource-sharing mechanism allows BSN to reduce the resource cost to one-twentieth of the cost of traditional blockchain cloud services.

BSN is a blockchain infrastructure network. Just as households do not need to dig their own wells, but instead, enjoy the water supply services provided by public water plants in cities, BSN blockchain application publishers and participants do not need to buy physical servers or cloud resources to build their blockchain operating environment. They use the public services provided by BSN and rent shared resources as needed, thus greatly reducing their costs. According to recent research, it takes about 20,000 USD per year for developers to build and deploy a traditional permissioned blockchain LAN-type environment. However, with BSN, the minimum cost to run such an application is as low as one dollar a day. Cost is a huge factor and will encourage a large number of small, medium, and micro enterprises and even individuals (including students) to innovate and start businesses through BSN. This will undoubtedly promote rapid development and popularization of blockchain technology. In general, the development from the closed architecture of the traditional blockchain to the resource-sharing architecture of BSN completely mimics the development process of the Internet, which gathered numerous isolated LANs in the early days to the global connectivity facilities we have today. We hope to make BSN the blockchain Internet.
